# COLORS
IT'S SO... QUIET. BUT EVERYTHING I HEAR IS VERY LOUD. WHY IS THAT? IT'S SO LOUD, BUT EVERYTHING I HEAR IS SO QUIET. WHY IS THAT?    I WANTED TO WRITE THIS TO A POTENTIAL FUTURAL VERSION OF MYSELF. ONE THAT UNDERSTANDS ME BETTER THAN MOST. ONLY YOU WILL UNDERSTAND & WILL TOO THE KINGS & QUEENS.    I'M SORRY YOU WENT THROUGH ALL OF THAT. I'M SORRY THAT YOU HAD ALL OF THAT TRAUMA. I'M SORRY THAT YOU WERE SCARRED FOR YOUR ENTIRE LIFE. I'M SORRY. I'M SO SORRY. WE BOTH HAD TO GO THROUGH THAT, I DON'T FEEL LIKE MYSELF.    DO NOT ACT. DO NOT COME BACK. DO NOT COME INTO MY HOUSE. DO NOT COME INTO MY LAND, MY BEAUTIFUL, BIG LAND. I LOVE THE SUNRISE HERE, I LOVE THE WONDERFUL STARS I STARE AT DURING THE DARK. I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE. I LOVE IT WHEN I CAN SING, I LOVE IT WHEN I CAN DANCE, I LOVE IT WHEN I CAN FEEL FREE, I LOVE MYSELF WHEN I'M HERE. I ACCEPTED MYSELF FOR WHO I AM, BUT THOSE WHO DON'T ARE NOT WELCOME INTO MY OWN LAND. I'M HERE WITH THE ONES I TRUST, & THE ONES I TRUST, I KEEP CLOSER THAN ANYONE, JUST LIKE MY ENEMIES. YOU CAN'T TRUST MANY PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD.    THE BEAUTIFUL SUN SHINES ITS BRIGHTEST TO ME, AND IT GIVES EVERYTHING COLOR, IT GIVES A BEAUTIFUL LIGHT TO EVERYTHING HERE. DO NOT STEP IN HERE. I DO NOT TRUST YOU, YOU'VE TRAUMATIZED ME MY WHOLE LIFE, & YOU RUINED IT. I WILL NOT LET YOU RUIN THE LIVES OF THE ONES I TRUST & MY CHILDREN THAT I LOVE THE MOST. STAY AWAY. YOU MONSTERS.    I FEEL SOMETIMES AS THOUGH AS I MUST GET AWAY, BUT MY SOLUTION TO MY PROBLEMS WILL CREATE EVEN MORE PROBLEMS, IT WILL BE THE SAME REPEATING PATTERN, I'VE RELIVED THIS SO MANY TIMES, & YET I KEEP FALLING FOR THE SAME TRAP. "THIS TIME WILL BE DIFFERENT." WILL IT? OR WILL YOU SEE IT AS THOUGH AS IT WILL BE SOMETHING ELSE, APPEARING THAT WAY TO YOURSELF. BUT YOUR HEART KNOWS THE TRUTH.    CAN ONE EVEN TRUST THYSELF DO THE COLORS LIE? IS IT TRULY ABOUT COLORS? DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT WAY OF ME? AM I FULL OF COLORS ONLY TO MYSELF? CAN I TRUST MY OWN EYES? I CAN'T WAIT ANY LONGER. WE MUST MOVE ON. LET'S GO. (ACT II: THE GET AWAY) I'VE FINALLY TAKEN A MOMENT TO REST, I WILL PLAY IT NOW AND SING MY BEAUTIFUL SONG TO THE SUN AS I STARE AT IT WITH THE RAYS HITTING ME WITH ALL THE GLITTER THERE WAS IN THE BOTTLE.    COLORS SHOW THEMSELVES AGAIN, BUT ARE THEY REALLY COLORS? WAS I LIED TO AGAIN? PERHAPS THE VISION I HAD IN MIND WAS A FAKE ONE ALL ALONG, BUT IF THAT WAS THE CASE, THE ONLY LIAR WAS MYSELF. I LIED TO MYSELF.    IS THIS ALL EVEN REAL? IS WHAT I'M TYPING EVEN REAL? AM I GOING ANYWHERE? WILL I DIE ALONE? WILL I REMEMBER THIS? WILL I LIVE? WILL I BE RAPTURED? THESE COLORS WERE FAKE. NO WONDER WHY THEY HAD NONE, THESE COLORS ALL ALONG WERE TRYING TO PROTECT ME FROM THE TRUTH, SHIELDING MY EYES FROM THE REAL HORRIFIC NATURE OF THIS CRUEL WORLD.    THE MOON IS NOW MY BEST FRIEND, BACK TO IT. "DON'T CRY... DON'T CRY" IS NO LONGER AN OPTION. ALL YOU CAN DO IS CRY. YOU ARE A HUMAN, YOU ARE ALLOWED TO FEEL THAT WAY. I AM SORRY YOU HAD TO GO THROUGH THAT, I AM SORRY. YOU WERE A VICTIM OF YOUR OWN LIES & HAD NO IDEA, IT'S OKAY, WE WILL BOTH GET THROUGH IT. ONE DAY. I PROMISE.    NO MORE LEAVING YOUR BAGS AND ESCAPING AS A MEANS TO ESCAPISM. YOU CAN NOT TRULY ESCAPE, ALL YOU CAN DO IS ACCEPT THE FACT THAT THESE COLORS WERE FAKE ALL ALONG. YOU WERE LIED TO. YOU WERE A VICTIM.    LIVE YOUR LIFE THE WAY THAT YOU WANTED TO BEFORE. DO NOT LET THESE PEOPLE DISCOURAGE YOU. YOU'VE BECOME ONE OF THEM. YOU ARE A VICTIM OF THAT- NO. YOU ARE BEING LIED TO AGAIN.- WHICH ONE IS TELLING THE TRUTH, THE COLORS, OR THE AMBASSADOR? I CAN'T TELL NOR CAN I FEEL ANYTHING ANYMORE.    I WILL BE DYING ALONE JUST LIKE I THOUGHT. BUT WILL I MAKE IT TO THE AFTERLIFE? I'M NOT SO SURE ANYMORE, IF I DO THOUGH, I WOULD PROBABLY END UP IN THE BOTTOMEST PITS OF HELL WHERE MY BODY WILL BURN THERE FOR THE REST OF THIS EVIL DYSTOPIAN ETERNITY. YOU WERE LIED TO BY THE COLORS. AND YOU ACCEPTED IT. REMARKABLE WORK AS YOU SAID YOURSELF. LAST NIGHT.

IT FEELS LIKE A ROMEO & JULIET ENDING, WE BOTH DIED BEING IN LOVE WITH EACH OTHER WITHOUT REALIZING THAT THE OTHER WAS ALIVE THIS WHOLE TIME. YOU WERE LIED TO YET AGAIN. IT'S OKAY THOUGH. WE CAN MAKE OUR OWN AFTERLIFE.    YOU WERE BORN TO MAKE THIS, BORN A GOD. BORN IN A PLACE THAT YOU WERE MADE TO DICTATE, CREATE, EXPLORE. YOU MAKE YOUR OWN REALITY. IT HAS BEEN PROMISED TO YOU SINCE THE VERY START. DO NOT LOSE THIS POWER. YOU WILL DIE & YOU WILL BE ABLE TO UNLOCK IT ONCE MORE.    THEY LIED TO YOU. THE AMOUNT OF "LIES" IN THIS WRITING HAS SURPASSED FRIGHTENINGLY A LOT, BUT FOR EVERY TIME YOU'VE WRITTEN "LIE" YOURSELF IN THIS, THERE HAS BEEN APPROXIMATELY AROUND ABOUT A FEW DOZEN PEOPLE WHO HAVE LIED TO YOU.    *DO NOT EVEN GET ME STARTED. YOU WERE EVIL. YOU THOUGHT THAT I LIKED YOU, I KNEW YOUR PLAN THE ENTIRE TIME. I SENSED IT FROM THE VERY BEGINNING, YOU WERE TRULY VERY EVIL TO ME & I HATE YOU SO MUCH WITH EVERY BONE IN MY ENTIRE BODY. I WILL NEVER GET OVER THE FACT THAT YOU THINK THAT YOU ARE MUCH BETTER THAN ME, YOU ARE NOT. I WILL PROVE IT TO YOU VERY VERY SOON THAT YOU ARE NOT IN ANY WAY BETTER THAN ME. I WILL DEMONSTRATE NOT JUST TO YOU, BUT TO ALL THE VERSIONS OF MYSELF THAT HATED YOU, YOU WERE EVIL TO ME & TREATED ME VERY HORRIBLY & I HATE YOU THE MOST. I HATE LOTS OF PEOPLE, BUT YOU OUT OF EVERYONE. I HATE YOU THE MOST. THAT WORD IS SOOOOOOO REPEATED BUT LET ME ADMIT ONE THING. HATE IS NOWHERE NEAR ENOUGH TO DESCRIBE HOW MUCH I DISLIKE YOU & HOW MUCH I WANT YOU GONE. I HATE JESUS, I HATE GOD FOR EVEN PAIRING ME WITH YOU IN THIS SAME UNIVERSE, IN FACT ANY UNIVERSE. I WANT YOU GONE ENTIRELY FROM ANY UNIVERSE. YOU WERE JUST SO EVIL, YOU SCUM BAG. YOU WERE SO FAKE & YOU KNEW YOURSELF HOW RUTHLESS IT WAS. I'VE DONE HORRIBLE THINGS, DON'T GET ME WRONG, BUT THIS, WAS SINGLEHANDEDLY THE MOST INHUMANE THING THAT ANYONE HAS EVER EXPERIENCED, & I MEAN THAT IN THE MOST SINCEREST OF WAYS POSSIBLE. I DISLIKE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART, I HAVE A PASSION*

***FOR JUST HATING YOU. YOU WERE EVIL AND YOU THOUGHT THAT YOU HAVE SEEN THE LAST. YOU DID NOT, & I WILL MAKE SURE THAT YOU DON'T. YOU WILL NOT BE GETTING AWAY VERY EASILY. I. HATE. YOU. YOU WILL HAVE TO READ EVERY LAST THOUGHT I HAVE. NO ONE HAS LIED MORE THAN YOU EVER HAVE, & YOU DARE ACCUSING ME OF LYING? WE WILL SEE. IT'S DISGUSTING. YOU ARE NOT EVEN A HUMAN. YOU ARE THE DEVIL HIMSELF.***

```
great, i've stopped thinking about you.
```

the sound of myself being back in my own land, far away from civilization gives me immense happiness. the storm goes away, as i protect my loving children from the trauma i went through.

rest well darling. you'll be okay, & i will make very much sure that you are. don't cry, no one can hurt you now!

COLORS.
WRITTEN BY J.

CO-AUTHOR: PERSONALITY 1.
CO-AUTHOR: PERSONALITY 2.
CO-AUTHOR: PERSONALITY 3.
CO-AUTHOR: PERSONALITY 4.
