# The nasty stare
There is something that disgusts me, something that I look at & think it's so gross, that I myself am grossed out by the fact that I even glanced at that direction. Do not stare at me like that, you know what you did. We see the very high level of a human being, we see what they were to us, what they've done, what they typically want us to see-- we do not see what they've done, the things they've done, the people they've horrifically wronged. I look at this person, & they're giving me that stare. You know exactly what you've done, you are evil, literally evil thyself, feared by even the devil, you are evil. You should not be here, you were never meant to exist. That stare is the most evil stare you could give us, I feel as though you have no guilt nor shame, but those eyes tell a different story. Your predatory instincts tell forgiveness, knowing deep down that this is just a hoax, a shield, a fake. The worst human beings hate you, you make them angels as a comparison to your evil satanic look you carry. You truly are too evil for the world to handle. If the world was ending, I would pray, not for the world not to end, but for the world to continue with its plans if it meant that you were gone. This goes for you, & anyone who remotely resembles your unique, stained, cancerous behavior. Unbelievable. You are not human, no human is evil as you have wronged from the slightest most charitable thing you were even close to doing. Do not look at me like that, you evil being. It's all making sense now why, I wondered for a long time, why, why do they hate? Why do people hate?-- Ugh, I hate that word, "hate," ever notice how cliche it is, it's like everyone uses it to exaggerate something that's disliked or unloved, no, baby, when I say hate, i genuinely mean, real, from the bottom, passionate hatred. A love to directly dedicate myself to feeling bitter just by your presence.-- It all makes so much sense now, you, you are a reason why they hate. You & so many others that replicate your disgusting inhumane hostile behavior of a synthetic human force, trying to fit in, a wolf in sheep's clothing. They hate you. We hate you. I hate you. Now, I want you to read that for me once more, but while you do, to remember the very first thing I made sure to specifically write, that this is no exaggeration, that this is real, genuine hatred to you & your entire bloodline-- They. Hate. You. We. Hate. You. I. Hate. You. We must be cautious because of animals you are, not even animals, calling you that would be a horrible undeserving insult to animals. I apologize to them. You are something else, an external soul that was never studied, a force so evil, the people around you betray the ones they love, even god.

The nasty stare
Written by J.
Co-Author: Personality I
Co-Author: Personality II
Co-Author: Personality III
